DEVELOPING.md, before:

<!---
Copyright 2016 Autodesk,Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

## Development on Orion

### Slack

For more immediate feedback, [sign up for our Slack](https://goo.gl/forms/565kU67pVHLt6rY52).

### Starter issues

If you have any questions, feel free to ask on the issue or join us on [Slack](https://goo.gl/forms/565kU67pVHLt6rY52)!

### Installation

1. Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org).
2. In the repo directory, run `npm i` command to install the required npm packages.
3. Run `npm i -g lerna@^2.0.0-beta` to install [Lerna](https://lernajs.io).
4. Run `npm run compile` - to compile all packages appropriately and put them in
their respective `lib` directories
5. Run `lerna bootstrap` to cross-link and install dependencies for each package.

### Build & Test

| Command          | Description                |
| ---------------- | -------------------------  |
| `lerna run test` | runs tests in each package |


### Manual testing

The below assume you ran `npm start` in a terminal.

#### Examples

The content in the `examples` directory can be reached at: http://localhost:8000/examples/

For each example there are 3 modes:

- `/examples/abc.html` points to prod. This file would not reflect your local changes.

## Manual visual testing with gemini
We are using Gemini as the tool for visual regression testing. Gemini will
use [Sauce Labs](https://saucelabs.com/) to run against the visual states for components in storybook

1. Run `npm install` to ensure `gemini` and `gemini-sauce` are installed
2. Set the following environment variables `SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY` and `SAUCE_USERNAME`.
   The values are found in the [Sauce Labs DashBoard](https://saucelabs.com/).
3. In separate tab run `cd packages/storybook` then `npm start`. This starts storybook.
   Storybook runs on `localhost:9001`
4. In separate tab from the root project directory run - `node_modules/.bin/gemini test gemini/* --reporter flat --reporter html`.
   This will test against the snapshots and create a report with image diffs if the tests fail.
5. If necessary, in same tab as gemini test run `node_modules/.bin/gemini update gemini/*` to generate new snapshots to test against.

## Repository Layout
<pre>
  packages/       - Top level packages which publish to npm go here
      orion-ui    - todo
  docs/           - documentation
  examples/       - example Orion projects
</pre>

## Supported browsers

In general we support the 2 latest versions of major browsers like Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Safari and Opera. We support desktop, phone, tablet and the web view version of these respective browsers.

Beyond that the core Orion library and elements should aim for very wide browser support and we accept fixes for all browsers with market share greater than 1 percent.

## Eng docs

- [Design Principles](DESIGN_PRINCIPLES.md)

## [Code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Commit message:

refactor packages (#190)
General

* update lerna to 2.0.0-rc1
* move bower into components since that's the only package which needs it
* move storybook into react instead of it's own package
* move gemini tests into react package instead of top level
* remove scripts package. moved common scripts to the top level scripts directory. removed tests which were a maintenance burden

Web Components

* removed es5 web component shim from all components. It should be provided by the consumer via a polyfill instead
* switched all playgrounds to use the @skatejs/web-components polyfill instead of the custom vendored version

Development

* add npm run start-playground command for starting up a dev environment
* add npm run bootstrap which hoists the devDependencies by default leading to a quicker bootstrap time
* cleaned up devDependencies moving most deps to the top level package
* switched angular-playground to use react-scripts instead of a custom build tool
* all libraries now implement "lib", "build", and "start" scripts which allow for a better development experience

Linting

* move eslint to top level
* change eslint to use prettier for validation
* recommend that you install https://github.com/prettier/prettier#editor-integration
* use npm run lint-fix to reformat code before submission

Testing & Code Coverage

* remove nyc and mocha for code coverage and unit testing in favor of using jest

CI/CD

* use uset NODE_ENV instead of setting NODE_ENV to production in circle.yml
* add copy-package-builds and set-marketing-to-root to the top level build command

DEVELOPING.md, after:

<!---
Copyright 2016 Autodesk,Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

## Development on Orion

### Slack

For more immediate feedback, [sign up for our Slack](https://goo.gl/forms/565kU67pVHLt6rY52).

### Starter issues

If you have any questions, feel free to ask on the issue or join us on [Slack](https://goo.gl/forms/565kU67pVHLt6rY52)!

### Installation

1. Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org).
2. In the repo directory, run `npm i` command to install the required npm packages.
4. Run `npm run build` - to build all packages appropriately and put them in
their respective `lib` directories
5. Run `npm run bootstrap` to cross-link and install dependencies for each package.

### Build & Test

| Command          | Description                |
| ---------------- | -------------------------  |
| `npm start` | starts all all packages with a start command. Useful for working on the whole project |
| `npm run start-playground` | starts the specified playground and all it's dependencies. Example: `npm run start-playground -- react-playground` |
| `npm run build` | builds production build |

### Manual testing

The below assume you ran `npm start` in a terminal.

#### Examples

The content in the `examples` directory can be reached at: http://localhost:8000/examples/

For each example there are 3 modes:

- `/examples/abc.html` points to prod. This file would not reflect your local changes.

## Manual visual testing with gemini
We are using Gemini as the tool for visual regression testing. Gemini will
use [Sauce Labs](https://saucelabs.com/) to run against the visual states for components in storybook

1. Run `npm install` to ensure `gemini` and `gemini-sauce` are installed
2. Set the following environment variables `SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY` and `SAUCE_USERNAME`.
   The values are found in the [Sauce Labs DashBoard](https://saucelabs.com/).
3. In separate tab run `cd packages/storybook` then `npm start`. This starts storybook.
   Storybook runs on `localhost:9001`
4. In separate tab from the root project directory run - `node_modules/.bin/gemini test gemini/* --reporter flat --reporter html`.
   This will test against the snapshots and create a report with image diffs if the tests fail.
5. If necessary, in same tab as gemini test run `node_modules/.bin/gemini update gemini/*` to generate new snapshots to test against.

## Repository Layout
<pre>
  packages/       - Top level packages which publish to npm go here
      orion-ui    - todo
  docs/           - documentation
  examples/       - example Orion projects
</pre>

## Supported browsers

In general we support the 2 latest versions of major browsers like Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Safari and Opera. We support desktop, phone, tablet and the web view version of these respective browsers.

Beyond that the core Orion library and elements should aim for very wide browser support and we accept fixes for all browsers with market share greater than 1 percent.

## Eng docs

- [Design Principles](DESIGN_PRINCIPLES.md)

## [Code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
